c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.exe.config
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.exe
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.pdb
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.g.resources
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.exe
c:\users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\obj\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.pdb
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\CarsAndPitsWPF.XML
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.Core.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsForms.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsPresentation.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\levabala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\CarsAndPitsWPF\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
